Update langchain docs (#18977)
DataDog/integrations-core: langchain/README.md

# LangChain

## Overview

> Monitor, troubleshoot, and evaluate your LLM-powered applications, such as chatbots or data extraction tools, using LangChain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monitor, troubleshoot, and evaluate your LLM-powered applications (e.g. chatbot, data extraction tool, etc) built using LangChain.
```

> If you are building LLM applications, use LLM Observability to investigate the root cause of issues, monitor operational performance, and evaluate the quality, privacy, and safety of your LLM applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use LLM Observability to investigate the root cause of issues, monitor operational performance, and evaluate the quality, privacy, and safety of your LLM applications.
```

Author: Should I update this in the copy document as well since this is the exact copy we had there ?

# LangChain

## Overview
Monitor, troubleshoot, and evaluate your LLM-powered applications, such as chatbots or data extraction tools, using LangChain.

If you are building LLM applications, use LLM Observability to investigate the root cause of issues, monitor operational performance, and evaluate the quality, privacy, and safety of your LLM applications.

[LLM Obs tracing view video](https://imgix.datadoghq.com/video/products/llm-observability/expedite-troubleshooting.mp4?fm=webm&fit=max)

Get cost estimation, prompt and completion sampling, error tracking, performance metrics, and more out of [LangChain][1] Python library requests using Datadog metrics, APM, and logs.

## Setup

### LLM Observability: Get end-to-end visibility into your LLM application using LangChain
You can enable LLM Observability in different environments. Follow the appropriate setup based on your scenario:

<!-- xxx tabs xxx -->
<!-- xxx tab "Python" xxx -->

#### Installation for Python

##### If you do not have the Datadog Agent:
1. Install the `ddtrace` package:

   ```shell
   pip install ddtrace
   ```

2. Start your application with the following command, enabling Agentless mode:

   ```shell

>     DD_SITE=<YOUR_DATADOG_SITE> DD_API_KEY=<YOUR_API_KEY> DD_LLMOBS_ENABLED=1 DD_LLMOBS_AGENTLESS_ENABLED=1 DD_LLMOBS_ML_APP=<YOUR_ML_APP_NAME> ddtrace-run python <your_app>.py

Author: ```suggestion
    DD_SITE=<YOUR_DATADOG_SITE> DD_API_KEY=<YOUR_API_KEY> DD_LLMOBS_ENABLED=1 DD_LLMOBS_AGENTLESS_ENABLED=1 DD_LLMOBS_ML_APP=<YOUR_ML_APP_NAME> ddtrace-run python <YOUR_APP>.py
```

   ```

##### If you already have the Datadog Agent installed:
1. Make sure the Agent is running and that APM and StatsD are enabled. For example, use the following command with Docker:

   ```shell
   docker run -d \
     --cgroupns host \
     --pid host \
     -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro \
     -v /proc/:/host/proc/:ro \
     -v /sys/fs/cgroup/:/host/sys/fs/cgroup:ro \
     -e DD_API_KEY=<DATADOG_API_KEY> \
     -p 127.0.0.1:8126:8126/tcp \
     -p 127.0.0.1:8125:8125/udp \
     -e DD_DOGSTATSD_NON_LOCAL_TRAFFIC=true \
     -e DD_APM_ENABLED=true \
     gcr.io/datadoghq/agent:latest
   ```

2. Install the `ddtrace` package if it isn't installed yet:

   ```shell
   pip install ddtrace
   ```

3. Start your application using the `ddtrace-run` command to automatically enable tracing:

   ```shell

>      DD_SITE=<YOUR_DATADOG_SITE> DD_API_KEY=<YOUR_API_KEY> DD_LLMOBS_ENABLED=1 DD_LLMOBS_ML_APP=<YOUR_ML_APP_NAME> ddtrace-run python <your_app>.py

Author: ```suggestion
     DD_SITE=<YOUR_DATADOG_SITE> DD_API_KEY=<YOUR_API_KEY> DD_LLMOBS_ENABLED=1 DD_LLMOBS_ML_APP=<YOUR_ML_APP_NAME> ddtrace-run python <YOUR_APP>.py
```

   ```

**Note**: If the Agent is running on a custom host or port, set `DD_AGENT_HOST` and `DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT` accordingly.

##### If you are running LLM Observability in a serverless environment (AWS Lambda):
1. Install the **Datadog-Python** and **Datadog-Extension** Lambda layers as part of your AWS Lambda setup.
2. Enable LLM Observability by setting the following environment variables:

   ```shell
    DD_SITE=<YOUR_DATADOG_SITE> DD_API_KEY=<YOUR_API_KEY> DD_LLMOBS_ENABLED=1 DD_LLMOBS_ML_APP=<YOUR_ML_APP_NAME>
   ```

> **Note**: In serverless environments, Datadog automatically flushes spans at the end of the Lambda function.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note**: In serverless environments, Datadog automatically flushes spans when the Lambda function finishes running.
```

The following methods are traced for both synchronous and asynchronous LangChain operations:

- LLMs: `llm.invoke()`, `llm.ainvoke()`
- Chat Models: `chat_model.invoke()`, `chat_model.ainvoke()`
- Chains/LCEL: `chain.invoke()`, `chain.ainvoke()`, `chain.batch()`, `chain.abatch()`
- Embeddings: `OpenAIEmbeddings.embed_documents()`, `OpenAIEmbeddings.embed_query()`

No additional setup is required for these methods.

##### Validation

Validate that LLM Observability is properly capturing spans by checking your application logs for successful span creation. You can also run the following command to check the status of the `ddtrace` integration:

```shell
ddtrace-run --info
```

Look for the following message to confirm the setup:

```
Agent error: None
```

##### Debugging
If you encounter issues during setup, enable debug logging by passing the `--debug` flag:

```shell
ddtrace-run --debug
```

This will display any errors related to data transmission or instrumentation, including issues with LangChain traces.

> <!-- xxz tab xxx -->
> <!-- xxz tabs xxx -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

##### If you are running LLM Observability in a serverless environment (AWS Lambda):
1. Install the **Datadog-Python** and **Datadog-Extension** Lambda layers as part of your AWS Lambda setup.
2. Enable LLM Observability by setting the following environment variables:

   ```shell
    DD_SITE=<YOUR_DATADOG_SITE> DD_API_KEY=<YOUR_API_KEY> DD_LLMOBS_ENABLED=1 DD_LLMOBS_ML_APP=<YOUR_ML_APP_NAME>
   ```

**Note**: In serverless environments, Datadog automatically flushes spans at the end of the Lambda function.

##### Automatic LangChain Tracing

LangChain integration is automatically enabled when LLM Observability is configured. This captures latency, errors, input/output messages, and token usage for LangChain operations.

The following methods are traced for both synchronous and asynchronous LangChain operations:

- LLMs: `llm.invoke()`, `llm.ainvoke()`
- Chat Models: `chat_model.invoke()`, `chat_model.ainvoke()`
- Chains/LCEL: `chain.invoke()`, `chain.ainvoke()`, `chain.batch()`, `chain.abatch()`
- Embeddings: `OpenAIEmbeddings.embed_documents()`, `OpenAIEmbeddings.embed_query()`

No additional setup is required for these methods.

> ##### Validation
> 
> Validate that LLM Observability is properly capturing spans by checking your application logs for successful span creation. You can also run the following command to check the status of the `ddtrace` integration:
> 
> ```shell
> ddtrace-run --info
> ```
> 
> Look for the following message to confirm the setup:
> 
> ```
> Agent error: None
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
These steps are identical to the validation steps below. Let's keep them at the bottom.

> ##### Debugging
> If you encounter issues during setup, enable debug logging by passing the `--debug` flag:
> 
> ```shell
> ddtrace-run --debug
> ```
> 
> This will display any errors related to data transmission or instrumentation, including issues with LangChain traces.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Also duplicated below.
